todo.md, before:

# Todo List


## Todo

### Update extraction format
- Maybe JSON
- A format that is easily mutable

### Post saving limitation detection
- Limit detection
- Limit notification with prompt to remove oldest 
- Option to automatically delete old posts
- Set post limit to 1000

### Post Organization in Collections
- Create a collection system to group posts by label
- Create Collections tab, next to the saved posts tab
- show the collections
- Allow users to create collections
- Add an option to add a collection label on each saved post card (TweetCard component)

### Option to save posts accross all browsers or locally
- Configure the save functions to choose local or sync storage
- Add the option to the settings panel on the front-end.
- Add an icon to the tweedcard component that allows to save to online storage if local and remove from online storage and save it locally.

### Option to save user's current account at time of saving

### Update Storage Keys to variables

### Feature to download all replies of a tweet


***

## Done

### Save Icon Customization
- Users can choose betwen multiple icon styles (e.g., heart, star, cloud, plus sign).
- Users can choose the location of the icon: Either next to the bookmark button or at the top near the post options.
- Implement a settings menu for users to select their preferred icon style and location.

### Make Video pics on TweetCards link to the post

### New Save Icon Styles
- Get or make an Icon 
- Ideas: Cloud icon, something that stands out, something with a plus sign

Commit message:

New icons. Feed saver implementation started

todo.md, after:

# Todo List


## Todos

### Recent Viewed Post History Tab
- Stores all recently viewed posts
- Identifies whether post is clicked, viewed in feed, viewed in replies, etc.
- Option to save all posts that had a button added to it.
- Future: Option to store by parent post (for replies)


### Fix gray icon change when extension is turned off

### Update extraction format
- Maybe JSON
- A format that is easily mutable

### Post saving limitation detection
- Limit detection
- Limit notification with prompt to remove oldest 
- Option to automatically delete old posts
- Set post limit to 1000

### Post Organization in Collections
- Create a collection system to group posts by label
- Create Collections tab, next to the saved posts tab
- show the collections
- Allow users to create collections
- Add an option to add a collection label on each saved post card (TweetCard component)

### Option to save posts accross all browsers or locally
- Configure the save functions to choose local or sync storage
- Add the option to the settings panel on the front-end.
- Add an icon to the tweedcard component that allows to save to online storage if local and remove from online storage and save it locally.

### Option to save user's current account at time of saving

### Update Storage Keys to variables

### Feature to download all replies of a tweet


***

## Done

### Save Icon Customization
- Users can choose betwen multiple icon styles (e.g., heart, star, cloud, plus sign).
- Users can choose the location of the icon: Either next to the bookmark button or at the top near the post options.
- Implement a settings menu for users to select their preferred icon style and location.

### Make Video pics on TweetCards link to the post

### New Save Icon Styles
- Get or make an Icon 
- Ideas: Cloud icon, something that stands out, something with a plus sign
